# Genshin Manager
https://kree-nickm.github.io/genshin-manager

A site where you can record all of your Genshin Impact characters/items/etc., and keep track of everything you need to progress, so you have access to all such information at a glance.

Features include:
* Import your data from GOOD format, generated by programs such as [Inventory Kamera](https://github.com/Andrewthe13th/Inventory_Kamera) and [Amenoma](https://github.com/daydreaming666/Amenoma).
* Export your data in GOOD format so you can use it on [other websites](#alternatives).
* Easily switch between multiple accounts and/or servers whose data you've added.
* Upload your account data to Pastebin with the click of a button, giving you a code that you can use on other devices or share with other players. Using this code will allow you to easily import your data into a different device, or send it to other players so they can review your account.
* View a consolidated list of all of your characters, which shows you all of the materials they need for their next ascension as well as talent level-ups. Additionally, you can see their equipped gear in a consolodated format, to quickly see which ones need your resin the most.
* As above, view a consolidated list of all of your weapons and their ascension materials, and which character is using each.
* View a list of all of your artifacts with not only their stats, but an overall desirability rating based on preferences that you specify (explained below).
* View your quantities of materials, with a list of which characters and weapons require that material for their next ascension or talent level-up.
* View a list of furniture gift sets, so you can track which gift sets you have learned and which characters you can settle/have settled using them, so you can more easily keep track of the primogems rewards for doing so.
* For each character, create one or more builds that specify their desired artifact sets and artifact main stat/substat priority, which will be used in calculations to determine their best artifacts.
* For each character, see lists of all of your artifacts separated by slot, and sorted by how good they are for that character, based on the build(s) explained above. You can also filter by preferred artifact sets.
* Using the above artifact preferences, run an algorithm that determines a desirability rating for each artifact on your account, based on the number of your characters who might want to use it.
* For each artifact, view an ordered list of your character builds that desire it the most, based on the above preferences.
* _(Work-In-Progress)_ See each of your characters' stats based on their equipped weapon, artifacts, unlocked talents and constellations, as well as how much damage they should be doing with various attacks, skills, bursts, reactions, etc. Additionally:
  * Factor in triggered effects from those aforementioned sources, and how the damage values will change when such effects are triggered.
  * Allow you to see all of that information for a "preview": an alternate gear set or upgraded stats alongside your current gear and stats, and use that to decide which gear you prefer and whether certain upgrades are worth it. The alternate gear can be gear that you own, or theoretical pieces that are equal to what you have, but from a different artifact set or with different artifact primary stats.
  * _(Planned Feature)_ Allow you to import combat simulations that have been exported from [gcsim](#alternatives), and use that to predict changes to your team's DPS when you preview alternate gear and stats, rather than only seeing individual motion value changes.
* Allow you to set up teams, and see how the buffs provided by each team members' abilities/artifacts/weapons will affect all of the aforementioned statistics.
* _(Work-In-Progress)_ Set targets for your character/gear progression, so you can quickly see all of the things you need to spend resin on.
* _(Planned Feature)_ Obtain your character data from Hoyoverse directly using your profile (like Enka), so you can have at least *some* account data imported without having to use screen readers.

## Alternatives
There are many other Genshin Impact managers that I am aware of, which serve similar purposes. They are all relatively specialized and probably do those things better than mine (for now, smile). However, I made this one because I did not want to have to use 3 different managers to get all the features I want. That said, with the ability to import/export data in GOOD format, you can use them alongside mine if you want to.
* [Genshin Optimizer](https://frzyc.github.io/genshin-optimizer): Helps you plan builds and artifact combinations to get the exact stats you want *far* better than my app will be able to do in the forseeable future. However, doesn't help you keep track of ascension or talent materials.
* [SEELIE.me](https://seelie.me): Helps keep track of ascension and talent materials and helps you plan what materials to farm, but you have to manually enter all characters and weapons, and it does nothing at all for artifacts.
* [Genshin Center's Planner](https://genshin-center.com/planner): Seems to be the same as SEELIE.me, as far as I can tell.
* [Genshin Impact Calculator](https://genshin.aspirine.su/): Does a bunch of calculations with stats and damage, including party set-up, and helps you select artifacts for your builds, but doesn't import/store any of your stuff except for artifacts.
* [gcsim](https://gcsim.app): Allows you to input characters, stats, and gear, then define an example combat and run a simulation to determine theoretical team DPS. You can import your characters and gear to streamline the process, and look up combats created by others so that you don't have to program your own.
* [Enka](https://enka.network/): Pulls your character data directly from your Genshin Impact profile. Has a convenient display for each of your characters that makes it very easy for yourself and others to review character/weapon/artifact statistics. Does not track materials or any gear that is not equipped to one of the 8 characters displayed on your profile, but can remember previous characters.
* [Akasha](https://akasha.cv): Uses Enka and has the same features, but also lets you compare your characters to other players' characters who use the site.

Lastly, I made this mostly for myself, and my main concern is that it works the way I want it to work. I hope other people find it useful as well, but if people can't figure out how to use it or want it to work differently, I am unlikely to care that much. I am more likely to make a guide than to make a functionality change for that reason.
